## Research Questions 

Now that you are all set up, it's time to learn a little more about the tools of the trade. Edit this file and answer the following questions. You are going to need to start familiarizing yourself with the [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en). Docs (short for documentation) are the instructions on how to use a languge or program. A large part of your job as a developer will be learning how to read and work with documentation. Please reference the GitHub docs when answering the questions below. If you cannot find what you are looking for in the docs, you can always start to practice your Google skills!

1. What is Git? - Git is an open source distributed version control system. Basically, it's a system for distributing, copying, changing, and committing different versions and changes in a project that allows developers to stay organized and backed up.
2. What is the difference between Git and GitHub? - Git is the system that controls the repositories and GitHub is a cloud-based git hosting service. So GitHub can be used to help several developers work on different portions and sections of a project in stages.
3. Why do we create a branch? - We use branches in order to stay organized and maintain code integrity. If all development was done directly on the source code before commmits were made, it would be difficult to isolate specific problems in the code.
4. What is the purpose of a Pull Request? - A pull request is used to take a remote repository and bring it to your local repository. So if you are working on a team and commits have been made, you can get the up to date code.
5. What is the command you can use to switch between branches? For example you are working on the FIRSTNAME-LASTNAME branch and you want to switch back to main. - You can navigate  branches using the checkout command. If there was a branch called 'main', you could navigate to it using "git checkout main".
6. Explain the difference between `git fetch`, `git merge` and `git pull`. What does each command do? - Git fetch doesn't sync the remote and local repository, it simply allows the user to view the changes that have been made, and view the remote repository. Git merge allows the user to merge many different commits. This is very useful if we need to go back to an earlier commit, but would like to keep certain updates. Git pull syncs the local repository with the remote repository. Think of it like downloading the most recent update.
7. What is a merge conflict? - A merge conflict is a problem that occurs when tow different commits conflict with one another.
8. How do you resolve a merge conflict? - The most common way to resolve a merge conflict is by merging the commmits together and choosing the parts of the code to keep or delete.
